  We the Humans have evolved[1] with certain natural instincts, traits, abilities and skills that provide us with natural advantages in our environment. Among these are the abilities to communicate, cooperate, use tools and instincts to live and live well - we call these our natural rights, human rights, genetic rights or simply rights.  Important traits that we have evolved with include our opposable thumbs, vocal cords and large brains. We have inherited these natural rights from our parents and ultimately from the nature of the universe.
    These natural rights are inalienable in that these rights cannot be separated from us. Even if we should have our tongues cut from our mouths -by force - we will still possess the just-claim to communicate because the  genes to communicate are sequenced in every DNA chain in every cell in our bodies.
Therefor our rights came before there were governments, constitutions or laws and our rights are a direct result of our biology and millions of years of evolution. We the Homo sapiens have obtained all our rights simply by being born human. 

  We are all equal in our claim to our own natural rights. Every member of our species, short or tall, smart or feebleminded, has a just-claim to seek out the best for them, and use their parent-given genetic rights to try to achieve their goals and pursue happyness independently. Within the human poplation there is much genetic diveristy. Males and Females have different chromosoms and each person will have unique genetics based on their unique ansestry. With few exceptions [2] the pursuit of happiness and our rights are not related to our race, gender, sexuality or religion. Because of our diversity, Humans may not succeed equality - but all people have the right to pursue happyness in an environment where institution do not discriminate against, or grant preferential treatment to, any individual or group on the basis of race, sex, color or ethnicity.
 
  Our rights are self-evident meaning that they are obvious to us because we are humans and we experience life in our bodies every day. We know what it means to be human, our wants, our desires and our human skills that help us reach our goals. This is why almost no person would deny their own rights.
 
  The history of mankind is a history of war, death and carnage. Humans will often deny each other's rights in order to further their own welfare or force their beliefs of how humans should behave. Humans have taken away the rights of others in order to force equal prosperity and others have reverted to force so that one group may dominate. Even when humans have good intentions they may inadvertanly take the rights of others thinking that it is righteous, fair or equidable. However, freedom provides the possiblilty of failure and freedom is nessisary for human happyness and the long term evolution of our species. That is why it is ethical and good to make certain that no other humans are given control of our lives - and that we may be independent and live on our own terms, free to fail and always in control of ourselves.
 
    We the humans have the right to institue governments to protect us from the dark side of human nature and dissolve governments that do not protect our liberty and independence and to use force to proect our rights from those who would use force to usurpe our rights.  
    
[1] If you do not believe in human evolution then you may simply substitute that your rights have been bestowed upon you by the designs of your god(s) -the most powerful force in the universe.  

[2] Women have the natural right to give birth while men do not. Europeans have the natural right to tan while many Africans do not have that natural right. 
