When humans collaborate, certain other rights emerge. Here are these rights:
 
1. The Right to Marry, Reproduce and to Parent:
    a.The liberty of Biological parents to direct the upbringing and education of their children is a fundamental right. 

However, in the case of parents who live in different homes (like in the case of divorce) the fathers have the natural right to raise their sons while  mothers have the natural right to raise their daughters. Studies now make is clear that if a child is to be raised by a single parent, the children are much more likely to be sucessful if raised by the parent whoes gender is the same as theirs. 

Biological parents shall not be forced to transfer payment to the other biological parent as this is not in the best interest of the children because it promotes seperation. 

2. The Right to Form Businesses and Coopertive Groups:
 
3. The Right to Use Money.
        a. In order to trade beyond barter and provide for specialization and division of labor, humans need money technology. The right to create, mint and use money shall not be infringed. Money shall not be subjected taxations such as sales tax or capital gains.
        b. Dollar: In order to provide a stable currency conistant over time, the primary unit of account for the United States of America is .7736 troy ounces of silver and shall be called the Dollar. The Dollar shall not be a fiat currancey and no other thing shall be called a Dollar except .7736 troy ounces of silver. Any paper or electronic representation of a Dollar shall have a one-to-one relationship with the physical silver. Any person may mint their own Dollars but only dollars certified as true dollars by the US treasury may bear the mark of a certified U.S. Dollar.
        c. Eagle:  Secondary units of measure include .7736 troy ounces of gold and will be called the Eagle. The Eagle's value shall not be fixed against the dollar but instead may float against the dollar.
 
Other units of money include the Unit and the Credit. The Credit shall be any U.S. money created by issuing debt.
 
 
4. The Right to Form Governments that Protect their Rights.
 
5. The Right to Work. 


  There once was a highly educated Russian doctor who worked for the Russian State Hospital System. She was paid $200 per month. People who sold apples on the street made more money than she did. So she immigrated to the United States and became a doctor in America. Someone told her that Healthcare was a right. Listen she said…

  Such a right is beyond the power of the federal government because it necessarily infringes on the rights of other people. In order to get healthcare services those services must be rendered by someone else using their time their energy their knowledge and their labor. This means that if anyone has the right to healthcare then they necessarily have the right to compel others to provide those services or compel them to pay for it. How can healthcare be a right if the 13th Amendment abolished slavery except as a form of punishment?

..The doctor got a call later from the director of the Russia hospital. He said that over three hundred people in the city where she lived had died from German measles in the past two weeks. The director of the Hospital blamed her because she has not been there to perform the Measles inoculations. It would have been good had you stayed in Russia he said.

Not for my daughter the Doctor replied, she never would have been born.

And if health care is a right then what limitation are there on the Federal Government
