Premise 1: We are born with traits such as vocal cords, thumbs, brains and instincts that taken together are uniquely human. 

Premise 2: Nature selects for traits that give advantages to a species and these traits are passed to offspring.

Inference 1: The use of vocal cords, thumbs, brains and instincts gives humans a natural advantage

Let’s call the things that give humans natural advantages Natural Rights, Human Rights or simply Rights.

 

We the People have Evolved Naturally with Rights.

These rights include Core Rights that we share with many other life forms including:

1.      The Right to the Preservation of Life

a.       Like all life forms, we have evolved with a strong drive to avoid death, do those things that prolong our lives and to live well.

2.      The Right to Seek Happiness and Pleasure

a.       We have a right to strive for those things that make us happy and give us pleasure. We require freedom to act in ways that bring us well-being and therefor we need freedom and independence to be happy.    

3.      The Right to Self Ownership, Independence and Liberty.

a.       We have a just claim to self-ownership with all its associated privileges and responsibilities of Independent peoples. Labor, consumption, marriage, sexuality, offspring, death and drug use are some of the areas in which you have the right to decide your own actions and must live with the consequences. Slavery, serfdom and forced debt repayment are absolutely unethical.

4.      The Right to Property, Money and Capital

a.       Humans are territorial animals and will establish and defend territories even to death. Property ownership is part of being human and includes ownership of land and tools such as money. 

Other rights stemming from our vocal cords, opposable thumbs and large brains include: 

5.      The Right To Communicate

a.       Humans are communicators and must communicate for survival. We have a right to communicate and employ communication technologies. It is unethical for anyone to infringe on our right to communicate.

5.      The Right To Use Tools

a.       Humans are tool-users and will go extinct without tools. Our economy is tool-based and we have the right to use tools and be innovative in tool creation. Tools include medicine, money and weapons for self-defense.

6.      The Right to Cooperate

a.       Humans cooperate and work with each other to further their survivability beyond what they could achieve alone.  People should only be forced to respect the rights of others.

7.      The Right to Hold Beliefs and to Advocate Beliefs

a.       Humans form belief-systems (including religions) that create the strategies that we will employ to further our survivability and happiness. Freedom of choosing belief-systems and religions cannot be ethically denied by any entities.

b.      The state shall not impose religions. The State shall not take on any roles of a church and church and state shall be strictly separate.



8.      The Right to Collectively Defend Rights

a.       Humans are social animals who live in hierarchical societies (Nations) with leaders and followers. There will be government but the only ethical purpose of government must be to protect liberty and justice for all people.

b.      Government may need to fund combatants in order to protect the liberty of the people. Governments are to serve people in general and not specific people or Gods. Government should not pass laws that only apply to certain people.

c.       Humans have a just claim to dissolve their governments and to organize private militias.

d.      Humans have and will continue to do some very bad things including genocide, slavery and war. To reduce this, governments should have limited control over people and instead protect liberty.  

b.      Humans are the only animal that use money and trade it for goods and services. Individuals have the right to choose what they will consider money and the value that they will place it in. People shall not be forced to accept a money.  

c.       We have the right to become rich, wealthy and own many things or at least try to.

d.      Like separation of church and state, there must be a separation of economy and state. The State shall not pass laws that grant monopolistic, place advantages to certain businesses or preferential treatment to any group.

10.      The Right to Offspring

a.       We have the right to chose our mates and pass our genetics to our young. We have a just claim to control our own DNA.

 11.       The Trivial Rights

a.       Humans have many more rights that are too numerous to list but should still be recognized as rights. Like the right to cook food, wear funky pants and eat peanut butter. 
