The Right to Use Tools: Money

  Human beings are the only animals known to use money and money is critical to our survival. Money provides a system of justice for people who participate in trade. Justice meaning that people should get what they deserve and that those who work efficiently deserve to have more economic rewards than those who are not as efficient or productive. So much of a civilization’s wealth and prosperity depend on the monetary system it uses. By choosing the correct system, America can not only be much wealthier than other countries but we can develop new and innovative types of money that propel us into even more wealth. Later I will discuss the most ethical and prosperous monetary and banking systems. Here we establish the fact that people are money-users and money-use is our natural right.

Wealth Note: Improving our money system could generate $50 billion in more value each year.

The Right to Use Tools: Firearms

  Many people believe that rights come from government and that rights are not an intrinsic unalienable essence of being a human being. The communists and the Nazis believed strongly that the good of the many was more important than the good of the individual. In their minds, governments had an ethical duty to dictate what individuals could do and not do in order to promote the welfare of the group. But do rights really come from the government and by popular demand? No! Can people be molded into "good Socialists?" No! Human Nature is real and cannot be modified. Science shows us that rights come from natural selection. Karl Marx believed that people would evolve to become communists. The truth is just the opposite. When people are free to use their natural rights, they prosper, when they are deprived, they may very well die off.

  In Communist Russia, Stalin decided to have his military generals killed. One general however –Semyon Budyanny - took some troops and weapons and held up at his Moscow apartment. When the communists came to kill this general, the commies changed their minds when they learned of Budyanny’s replete armory. General Budyanny survived the purge. Was the general correct in his defense or should he have given himself up to die? After all, might does not make right?

  Human beings have a right to life. Humans have the right to preserve their lives. Firearms protect us from every kooky political philosophy and religious craziness. Unfortunately, people will try to take over our rights because they either don’t know our rights exist or they are too selfish to care. Many people think that they are trying to help us by controlling us and that they know what is best for us. But they don’t know the truth and their control is not help but is a threat to our survival. People who take the guns of other people, may very well kill them next.

  History has shown us that the right to bear arms protects our other rights. Fortunately, the right to bear arms has been acknowledged in the United States of America. No doubt this is one of the reasons America has been relatively free for so long.

  Wealth Note: Our existing right to bear arms creates untold billions of dollars worth of value. Less stringent gun laws could provide an additional $10 billion in value each year.
