Rights Explained

  It is of utmost importance to our civilization, wealth and prosperity that we understand, protect and promote our human natural rights. Without full use of our rights, we will fail to realize our potential.

  We have evolved with our rights because our rights help us to survive. Surviving well and happiness may be one and the same.

The Right to Preservation of Life

  There once was a man with big boots who stomped through the forest. He came upon a beetle and stomped on it. The beetle tried to get out from under the boot but was squashed dead. The lizard and the snake saw it happen. When the man raised his boot to stomp on the lizard. The lizard pleaded “Please don’t step on me” but was crashed an instant later. The man then went to stomp on the snake but the snake moved quickly and bit the man on the inner thigh with poisoned fangs. As the man lay dying the snake said, “Don’t tread on me.”

  In Thomas Jefferson’s original draft of the Declaration of Independence, Jefferson wrote:

 

  “We hold these truths to be sacred & undeniable; that all Men are created equal & independent; that from that equal creation they derive rights inherent & inalienable among which are the preservation of life, liberty and pursuit of happiness;”
    The right to the preservation of life - or simply the right to life - is an instinct so primitive and fundamental that there is scarcely a creature on this planet that does not share in it. Anyone who has tried to step on a cockroach knows that even the lowliest of life will resist death. This is one of the reasons why we have the right to bear arms. The lineage of millions of people have been ended because they could not defend themselves against murderous others.  

The Right to Seek Happiness and Pleasure.  

  There once was a horse that lived on a farm and worked daily pulling a plow. One day, the farmer forgot to lock the gate on the horse’s corral and the horse ran free into the wilderness never to return. The horse met other free horses. The horse learned what it meant to be a horse, and to use all the talents that horses have evolved with. The horse ran really fast and some other wild horses saw the freed horse run by them. The younger horse said “who is chasing him?” But the older horse who had been a plow horse himself said “he is not running from anything - he is pursuing happiness.”

  My fellow humans who seek joy and fulfillment -know that there is a unseen order in your nature and that supreme good lies in your harmoniously adjusting to that order. This sacred ethical system provides happiness. You will be a million times happier doing the things you believe in and that you think you should do than being told what to do by some over lording government or bureaucracy. Ovoid oppression, be human, use your rights, synchronize with your fellow humans. Do not try to oppress others with your ideals of perfect action. Let them be free to make their own lives.

  The psychologist Steven Pinker says the people are happiest when they are “healthy, well-fed, comfortable, safe, prosperous, knowledgeable, respected, non-celibate and loved.”

  However, Pinker left out the most important thing. Like it or not, in order to be happy, humans must be in control of their own lives. A person who lives like a king in prison is not as well off as one who lives free in the wild. 

  In order to achieve these goals, it is necessary for people to use their rights. Nations that constrain the rights of their citizens by control - do not have happy citizens.

