Self Ownership and Sexuality

  Many states and nations declare that homosexuality is illegal and they outlaw sex-change operations. Scientists are now learning that gender, sexual preference and gender-behavior are all part of fetal development. In the womb, our gentiles, sexual appetites and our behavioral-structures that dictate whether we shall act like a male or a female are developed. These are three separate development cycles and sometimes they don’t occur in the way that some religious leaders would prefer.

  However, the state cannot choose our sexuality any more than it can choose the color of our skin. Neither can an individual change or choose their sexuality. Some of us are born homosexuals in spite of religious teachings. As sovereign human beings, we have a just-claim to make love with our loved ones. It is best for the state to leave well alone of these decisions.

  If we are unhappy with our bodies, we have the right to alter them including changing our sex.

  Wealth Note: Ensuring sexual freedom would would result in a net increase of $30 Billion wealth each year.

Self Ownership and Prostitution

  Some scientists wanted to see if they could teach monkeys to use money and after some work they were able to train the monkeys to exchange money for food. The next day, a male monkey gave a female monkey some money in exchange for sex. The scientists got to see firsthand how prostitution was the first profession invented by monkeys! No doubt it was the same for humans (from the book Super Freakenomics)

  Closely related to the issue of sexuality is the issue of prostitution. It seems that men naturally do not get as much sex as they would like and are glad to pay a woman –and sometimes men- for extra helpings.
An adult woman, who truly owns herself, may rent her assets when the price is right for her. When the state makes prostitution illegal it is taking Sovereignty and wealth away from women in general. This may be a lot of wealth as the global sex industry market is over 100 billion dollars and would be much greater if prostitution were legalized in the United States. Societies that outlaw prostitution are not acting ethically and will suffer the consequences with less wealth and happiness.

  The outlaw of prostitution may also make it more likely that marriages fail.

True or False: Marriages last longer and men are more committed to relationships when married men have access to prostitutes.

Wealth Note: Legalizing prostitution would result in a net increase of $25 Billion in wealth each year for America.
