Drugs and Drug Tools

  We the people like to use drugs. The most popular drugs are alcohol, tobacco and caffeine. Between 1920 and 1933, Americans made alcohol illegal. The prohibition of alcohol required a constitutional amendment:

  The 18th Amendment to the US Constitution

  Section 1. After one year from the ratification of this article the manufacture, sale, or transportation of intoxicating liquors within, the importation thereof into, or the exportation thereof from the United States and all territory subject to the jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes is hereby prohibited.

  Section 2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.

  Section 3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of the several States, as provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof to the States by the Congress.

  This amendment turned out to be a really dumb idea because a minority of people still wanted to drink alcohol and that lead to the creation of an illicit alcohol market. This law helped bring about the Great Depression. But at least the illegality of alcohol was constitutional. Todays drug war -where governments attempt to "save people" from destroying their habits by destroying their lives with incarceration - is nonsense and unconstitutional.

  Americans must recognize that we all have an integrated right to self ownership and with ownership comes the right to decide what we consume. We Americans paid the price for this unethical law and we still pay the price for others like it. Recreational drugs have been made unconstitutionally illegal. The legalization of recreational drugs may provide some problems but the benefits of legalization would easily top these issues. Wealth Note: The legalization of recreational Drugs would provide $__ billion in value to America each year and spare 1.5 million people from being arrested (as were last year alone).

Self Ownership and Prescriptions Drugs

  Have you noticed the spirally cost of medicine in America while countries like Mexico don’t seem to have the same problem? In America, you don’t have the right to use certain drugs without permission from the American Medical Monopoly. Yes one might think that the doctors are so wise that we should trust our lives with them. However, the third leading cause of death in America is from the medical system itself.

  The American medical system is today a lot like the Soviet System in that in the Soviet Union people required a doctor’s prescription before they could get drugs. After the fall of the Soviet Union, Russia ended the requirements for prescriptions except in the case of narcotics, psychotics and a few other potentially poisonous drugs. The Russians had no problems when this policy was changed and today it much cheaper to buy medication in Russia than in America. Of course it might make sense to keep antibiotics under the control of supervisor too.

Wealth Note: Ending prescription drug laws would save $___ billion from the cost of medical treatments.

“If people let the government decide what foods they eat and what medicines they take, their bodies will soon be in as sorry a state as the souls who live under tyranny.” –Thomas Jefferson (1778)
