Self Ownership and The Right to Die

  The Right to Die and the issue of Assisted Suicide are clearly issues of self-ownership and Independence. People may come to the conclusion (either correctly or incorrectly) that they should kill themselves.

  Do not assume that suicide is unethical.

  “Strange as it may seem, each day billions of cells in the human body kill themselves. Indeed it’s fundamental to our health: failure of cells to die can lead to problems..” Kate Wong Suicidal Cells, December 19, 2000 ScientificAmerican.com
  
  Think suicide is terrible? How about the soldier who falls onto a grenade to protect his fellow soldiers at his own expense? How about the grandfather that kills himself to save the family from extensive medical bills? Perhaps we humans have evolved with a drive to commit suicide when it will be beneficial to our offspring or to other family members. We don’t know all the facts but we must honor a person’s right to die.

  Keep in mind that one might be suffering needlessly from a disease. A painless death with help from modern euthanization technologies makes sense for those who wish to die easier. Why would a government force its citizens to suffer a painful death when they can elect painless euthanasia? People who truly own themselves have a just claim to suicide. One person’s suicide may be another’s life when life-saving organs are transplanted into those who need them to live. Why should the government stop those who wish to live have the opportunity? How about all the $billions that goes to doctors to treat dyeing people in the last year of their life? It is in the best interest of the American Medical Monopoly to outlaw assisted suicide but it is in the best interest for those who pay medical insurance to reduce the cost of end-of-life care. In some estimates, 33 percent of all medical costs are encored by people who will die less than a year after their costs are encoured.

  A nation that infringes on the human right to die will be poorer and crueler because of the decision.

Wealth Outcome: Respecting our right to die would create $200 Billion in value each year for Americans.
